cleanup (#37)
mineiros-io/terraform-aws-route53: examples/delegation-set/README.md

[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mineiros-io/brand/3bffd30e8bdbbde32c143e2650b2faa55f1df3ea/mineiros-primary-logo.svg" width="400"/>][homepage]

[![license][badge-license]][apache20]
[![Terraform Version][badge-terraform]][releases-terraform]
[![Join Slack][badge-slack]][slack]

> # Create two Route53 Zones that share the same Delegation Set ( a group of four Nameservers )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Create two Route53 Zones that share the same Delegation Set (a group of four Nameservers)
```

The code in [main.tf] creates set of four authoritative name servers that you can use with more than one hosted zone.

> By default, Route 53 assigns a random selection of name servers to each new hosted zone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Route53 assigns a random selection of name servers to each new hosted zone.
```

> To make it easier to migrate DNS service to Route 53 for a large number of domains,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make it easier to migrate DNS service to Route53 for a large number of domains,
```
